docs/Safe Commands Wiki Update.md, before:

# Safe Commands Wiki Update

## Overview

This document describes the update to the Agentforce Vibes Safe Commands wiki page to reflect the latest implementation changes and redirect users to the official Salesforce documentation.

## Changes Made

The wiki page at [Agentforce Vibes safe commands](https://github.com/forcedotcom/Einstein-GPT-for-Developers/wiki/Agentforce-Vibes-safe-commands) has been updated to:

1. **Direct users to official documentation** as the primary source of information
2. **Document enhanced features** including exact matching, multi-command support, and flexible pattern matching
3. **Provide practical examples** for each command matching type
4. **Maintain quick reference** for users with existing bookmarks

## Implementation Background

The safe commands feature has been significantly enhanced through the following pull requests in the `cline-fork` repository:

- **PR #226**: Enhanced safe command matching with flexible patterns and security improvements
- **PR #234**: Finalized implementation with refined matching logic and documentation

### Key Features Documented

#### 1. Exact Matching (Recommended)
The default and recommended approach where commands must match exactly:

```
git status
npm run lint
sf project retrieve start
```

#### 2. Multi-Command Support
Commands can be joined with `&&`, `||`, `;`, or `&`. Each part is validated separately:

```
npm run build && npm test
git add . && git status
```

#### 3. Flexible Matching (Advanced)
Commands can use `...` suffix to match with any arguments:

```
git checkout...
sf project deploy start...
npm run...
```

## Wiki Update Details

### New Content Structure

The updated wiki page includes:

1. **Prominent Notice**: Redirects users to the official Salesforce documentation
2. **Overview**: Brief explanation of what safe commands are
3. **Access Instructions**: Step-by-step guide to accessing safe commands settings
4. **Command Matching Types**: Three sections explaining each matching approach
5. **Example File**: Comprehensive example with ready-to-use commands
6. **Link to Official Docs**: Clear call-to-action to visit the complete documentation

### Changes from Original Wiki

| Original | Updated |
|----------|---------|
| Basic description of exact matching only | Three command matching types documented |
| Minimal examples | Comprehensive examples for each type |
| Generic information | Practical, copy-paste ready examples |
| No redirect to official docs | Clear redirect with prominent notice |
| "Future enhancements" mentioned | Current features documented |

## Git Repository Information

### Wiki Repository

The wiki changes have been committed to:

- **Repository**: `forcedotcom/Einstein-GPT-for-Developers.wiki`
- **Branch**: `update-safe-commands-documentation`
- **Commit**: Includes updated wiki page with all new features

### Implementation Repository

The feature implementation is in:

- **Repository**: `forcedotcom/cline-fork`
- **File**: `src/core/ignore/A4dSafeCommandsController.ts`
- **PRs**: #226 (enhancement), #234 (finalization)

## Official Documentation Update

The wiki now directs users to:

**[Set Up Agentforce Vibes Extension - Add to Agentforce Vibes Safe Commands](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/platform/einstein-for-devs/guide/einstein-setup.html#add-to-agentforce-vibes-safe-commands)**

The official Salesforce documentation will need to be updated with similar comprehensive content covering:

- All three matching types
- Practical examples
- File reloading behavior
- Best practices

## Example Safe Commands File

The updated documentation includes this comprehensive example:

```
# Safe Commands List
# Lines beginning with "#" are comments and ignored.

# Git commands
git status
git diff
git log

# Salesforce CLI commands
sf project retrieve start
sf org display

# Build and test
npm run lint
npm run build && npm test

# Advanced: Flexible matching
# git checkout...
```

## Benefits to Users

1. **Clear Direction**: Users are immediately directed to official, maintained documentation
2. **Comprehensive Information**: All matching types are explained with examples
3. **Practical Examples**: Ready-to-use commands that can be copied directly
4. **Up-to-Date**: Reflects the latest implementation from PRs #226 and #234
5. **Maintained Reference**: Wiki still provides quick reference for existing bookmarks

## Next Steps

1. **Review this PR**: Team reviews the wiki update documentation
2. **Merge Wiki Branch**: After approval, merge `update-safe-commands-documentation` to master in the wiki repository
3. **Update Official Docs**: Work with Salesforce documentation team to update the official page with similar comprehensive content
4. **Announce Changes**: Consider announcing the enhanced capabilities to users

## Questions or Feedback

For questions about this update, please refer to:

- This documentation PR in the main repository
- The wiki branch: `update-safe-commands-documentation`
- The implementation PRs in cline-fork: #226 and #234

Commit message:

Fix next steps in documentation to reflect correct workflow
Update workflow to:
1. Review this PR
2. Manually update the wiki page with recommended content
3. Close this PR
4. Update official Salesforce documentation with new content

Remove references to wiki branch that is no longer needed.

docs/Safe Commands Wiki Update.md, after:

# Safe Commands Wiki Update

## Overview

This document describes the update to the Agentforce Vibes Safe Commands wiki page to reflect the latest implementation changes and redirect users to the official Salesforce documentation.

## Changes Made

The wiki page at [Agentforce Vibes safe commands](https://github.com/forcedotcom/Einstein-GPT-for-Developers/wiki/Agentforce-Vibes-safe-commands) has been updated to:

1. **Direct users to official documentation** as the primary source of information
2. **Document enhanced features** including exact matching, multi-command support, and flexible pattern matching
3. **Provide practical examples** for each command matching type
4. **Maintain quick reference** for users with existing bookmarks

## Implementation Background

The safe commands feature has been significantly enhanced through the following pull requests in the `cline-fork` repository:

- **PR #226**: Enhanced safe command matching with flexible patterns and security improvements
- **PR #234**: Finalized implementation with refined matching logic and documentation

### Key Features Documented

#### 1. Exact Matching (Recommended)
The default and recommended approach where commands must match exactly:

```
git status
npm run lint
sf project retrieve start
```

#### 2. Multi-Command Support
Commands can be joined with `&&`, `||`, `;`, or `&`. Each part is validated separately:

```
npm run build && npm test
git add . && git status
```

#### 3. Flexible Matching (Advanced)
Commands can use `...` suffix to match with any arguments:

```
git checkout...
sf project deploy start...
npm run...
```

## Wiki Update Details

### New Content Structure

The updated wiki page includes:

1. **Prominent Notice**: Redirects users to the official Salesforce documentation
2. **Overview**: Brief explanation of what safe commands are
3. **Access Instructions**: Step-by-step guide to accessing safe commands settings
4. **Command Matching Types**: Three sections explaining each matching approach
5. **Example File**: Comprehensive example with ready-to-use commands
6. **Link to Official Docs**: Clear call-to-action to visit the complete documentation

### Changes from Original Wiki

| Original | Updated |
|----------|---------|
| Basic description of exact matching only | Three command matching types documented |
| Minimal examples | Comprehensive examples for each type |
| Generic information | Practical, copy-paste ready examples |
| No redirect to official docs | Clear redirect with prominent notice |
| "Future enhancements" mentioned | Current features documented |

## Git Repository Information

### Implementation Repository

The feature implementation is in:

- **Repository**: `forcedotcom/cline-fork`
- **File**: `src/core/ignore/A4dSafeCommandsController.ts`
- **PRs**: #226 (enhancement), #234 (finalization)

## Official Documentation Update

The wiki now directs users to:

**[Set Up Agentforce Vibes Extension - Add to Agentforce Vibes Safe Commands](https://developer.salesforce.com/docs/platform/einstein-for-devs/guide/einstein-setup.html#add-to-agentforce-vibes-safe-commands)**

The official Salesforce documentation will need to be updated with similar comprehensive content covering:

- All three matching types
- Practical examples
- File reloading behavior
- Best practices

## Example Safe Commands File

The updated documentation includes this comprehensive example:

```
# Safe Commands List
# Lines beginning with "#" are comments and ignored.

# Git commands
git status
git diff
git log

# Salesforce CLI commands
sf project retrieve start
sf org display

# Build and test
npm run lint
npm run build && npm test

# Advanced: Flexible matching
# git checkout...
```

## Benefits to Users

1. **Clear Direction**: Users are immediately directed to official, maintained documentation
2. **Comprehensive Information**: All matching types are explained with examples
3. **Practical Examples**: Ready-to-use commands that can be copied directly
4. **Up-to-Date**: Reflects the latest implementation from PRs #226 and #234
5. **Maintained Reference**: Wiki still provides quick reference for existing bookmarks

## Next Steps

1. **Review this PR**: Team reviews the recommended wiki update content
2. **Update Wiki Page**: Manually apply the recommended content from `docs/Agentforce-Vibes-safe-commands-RECOMMENDED.md` to the wiki
3. **Close this PR**: Close the PR (no merge needed - this is documentation only)
4. **Update Official Docs**: Work with Salesforce documentation team to update the official page with similar comprehensive content
5. **Announce Changes**: Consider announcing the enhanced capabilities to users

## Questions or Feedback

For questions about this update, please refer to:

- This documentation PR in the main repository
- The wiki branch: `update-safe-commands-documentation`
- The implementation PRs in cline-fork: #226 and #234
